# homework-week-2
The goal of this assignment is to create a site that is responsive and is compatible with mobile devices. I have given a short introduction about me in the homepage of the site. This app is meant to be functional, and is supposed to contain information about me, links to certain projects that will be added into my portfolio, while also containing hyperlinks to the social media I provide.

This webpage is very personal. Over 15+ hours has been put into the development of this page from scratch, using Bootstrap and various sources from the internet to help create it.

To address some hiccups that I thought were very big mistakes, I could not manage to make the navbar appear horizontally while resizing the window. I believe this has something to do with the usage of div.rows and div.cols making it harder to style and position as I intended. I could have went back to try and solve the problem, but I felt that I would take more steps back then I could forward. Seeing the problem too late, I have decided to let the problem stay. However, at the EXACT dimensions of 980, 768, 640 pixels, I have been able to follow the templates given in the images provided in the homework repo. But resizing the window between these parameters will show that the navbar is not working as expected.

Another hiccup is the thumbnails in the portfolio page. What I wanted to do was to recreate the exact styling as the template, where there are captions/text with a white font and teal background over the image link. But I could not figure it out, and decided to leave the text lying under the thumbnails. I think that I could have made a div.container for each individual image and position each text through CSS. But I thought that it wouldn't work so this little theory hasn't been tested. I will look into it further and maybe ask about it sometime later if I cannot find out.

